fix: make yaml output pass `ansible-lint` (#160)
ansible-community/antsibull-changelog: docs/changelog-configuration.md

A list of output formats to write the changelog as. Supported formats
are `rst` for ReStructuredText and `md` for MarkDown.

> ### `changelog_nice_yaml`(boolean)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `changelog_nice_yaml` (boolean)
```

Also, can you move this option up so that the options are again alphabetically ordered? (I'll move `output_formats` in another PR, that one is also wrongly placed.)

The default is `false`.

> When set to `true` the changelog.yaml format will be written with nice yaml
> format that's compatible with `ansible-lint`default rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to `true`, the `changelogs/changelog.yaml` file will be written with a slightly different
YAML encoding that is compatible with ansible-lint's default rules.

!!! note
    The exact format used might be adjusted in the future if new releases of ansible-lint
    adjust their yamllint configuration.
```
